Add docs for Duo Security login (#4720)
wso2/docs-is: en/asgardeo/docs/guides/authentication/mfa/add-duo-login.md

# Add Duo login

> [Duo](https://duo.com/) is a multi factor authentication option that offer multiple verification methods such as push notifications, SMS, phone calls, and hardware tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Duo](https://duo.com/) is a multi-factor authentication option that offer multiple verification methods such as push notifications, SMS, phone calls, and hardware tokens.
```

> In this guide, you'll learn how to integrate Duo with your Asgardeo application, enabling Duo as a second-factor authentication provider to enhance your application's security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this guide, you'll learn how to integrate Duo as a second-factor authentication provider for your Asgardeo application.
```

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have the following:

- Duo Account: A Duo administrator account to configure your Duo application.
- Asgardeo Account: Access to your Asgardeo console with administrative privileges.

> ## Configure Duo Security Application

Reviewer 2: Can't we link to the Duo documentation for this configuring steps.

Author: There are no guides provided for this specific flow in the Duo security official documentation. So therefore we may have to provide the step by step guide on our end.

1. Log in to the [Duo Securty admin panel](https://admin.duosecurity.com/login). 
2. Click **Applications** from the left panel and then click the **Protect an Application** button.

    ![Create duo security app]({{base_path}}/assets/img/guides/mfa/duo/add-duo-security-app.png){: style="display: block; margin: 0; border: 0.3px solid lightgrey;"}

3. On the **Protect an Application page**, search for **Web SDK** and click on **Protect**.

    ![Protect web SDK app]({{base_path}}/assets/img/guides/mfa/duo/protect-web-sdk-app.png){: style="display: block; margin: 0; border: 0.3px solid lightgrey;"}

4. Save the **Client ID**, **Client secret**, and **API hostname**, as you will need these later.

## Add Duo as a Connection in Asgardeo

> 

Reviewer: before beginning the steps, add an additional sentence.

Something like "Follow the steps below to...."

1. Log in to the [Asgardeo Console](https://console.asgardeo.io/) as an adminstrator.
2. Navigate to **Connections** from the left-hand panel 
3. Click **New Connection** and select **Duo** from the listed templates.
4. Provide a Name for the Duo connection (e.g., "Duo Security").
5. Enter the **Client ID**, **Client secret**, and **API hostname**, that you obtained from the Duo Admin Panel.
6. Click **Finish** to save the configuration.

## Configure Duo for MFA

The next step is to add Duo as an MFA option to the login flow of the application.

1. In the [Asgardeo Console](https://console.asgardeo.io/), navigate to **Applications**.
2. Select the application for which you want to enable Duo MFA.
3. Go to the **Login Flow** section. Username and Password will be added as the default login method.
4. Click on the **+ icon** to add a new step to the login flow. 
5. Click on the **+ Add Sign In Option** button in step 2.
6. Select the Duo connection from the authenticator list and click **Add**. 
7. Save the changes by clicking the **Update** button.

## Test the Integration

> 

Reviewer: Add a sentence before the steps as pointed out in the previous comment.

    ![Create duo security app]({{base_path}}/assets/img/guides/mfa/duo/add-duo-security-app.png){: style="display: block; margin: 0; border: 0.3px solid lightgrey;"}

3. On the **Protect an Application page**, search for **Web SDK** and click on **Protect**.

    ![Protect web SDK app]({{base_path}}/assets/img/guides/mfa/duo/protect-web-sdk-app.png){: style="display: block; margin: 0; border: 0.3px solid lightgrey;"}

4. Save the **Client ID**, **Client secret**, and **API hostname**  as you will need these later.

## Add Duo as a Connection in Asgardeo

Next, you need to register Duo as a connection in Asgardeo. To do so, follow the steps below.

1. Log in to the [Asgardeo Console](https://console.asgardeo.io/) as an adminstrator.
2. Navigate to **Connections** from the left-hand panel 
3. Click **New Connection** and select **Duo** from the listed templates.
4. Provide a Name for the Duo connection (e.g., "Duo Security").
5. Enter the **Client ID**, **Client secret**, and **API hostname**, that you obtained from the Duo Admin Panel.
6. Click **Finish** to save the configuration.

## Enable Duo MFA for an application

> The created Duo connection should be added as  an MFA option to the login flow of an application. To do so, follow the steps below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The created Duo connection should be added as an MFA option to the login flow of an application. To do so, follow the steps below.
```

1. On the [Asgardeo Console](https://console.asgardeo.io/), navigate to **Applications**.
2. Select the application for which you want to enable Duo MFA.
3. Go to the **Login Flow** section. Username and Password will be added as the default login method.
4. Click on the **+ icon** to add a new step to the login flow. 
5. Click on the **+ Add Sign In Option** button in step 2.
6. Select the Duo connection from the authenticator list and click **Add**. 
7. Save the changes by clicking the **Update** button.

## Test the Integration

> Finally, you need to verify that Duo has been successfully integrated and is functioning correctly as a second-factor authentication method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, you need to verify that Duo has been successfully integrated and is functioning correctly as a second-factor authentication method. To do so,
```

# Add Duo login

[Duo](https://duo.com/) is a multi-factor authentication option that offer multiple verification methods such as push notifications, SMS, phone calls, and hardware tokens.

In this guide, you'll learn how to integrate Duo as a second-factor authentication provider for your Asgardeo application.

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have the following:

- [Duo Account](https://signup.duo.com/): A Duo administrator account to configure your Duo application.
- [Asgardeo Account](https://asgardeo.io/signup): Access to your Asgardeo console with administrative privileges.

## Configure Duo Security Application

> Follow the steps below to configure the Duo Security application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Follow the steps below to configure the Duo Security application.

1. Log in to the [Duo Securty admin panel](https://admin.duosecurity.com/login). 
2. Click **Applications** from the left panel and then click the **Protect an Application** button.

    ![Create duo security app]({{base_path}}/assets/img/guides/mfa/duo/add-duo-security-app.png){: style="display: block; margin: 0; border: 0.3px solid lightgrey;"}

3. On the **Protect an Application page**, search for **Web SDK** and click on **Protect**.

    ![Protect web SDK app]({{base_path}}/assets/img/guides/mfa/duo/protect-web-sdk-app.png){: style="display: block; margin: 0; border: 0.3px solid lightgrey;"}

4. Save the **Client ID**, **Client secret**, and **API hostname**  as you will need these later.

## Add Duo as a Connection in Asgardeo

> Follow the steps below to integrate Duo as a connection in Asgardeo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, you need to register Duo as a connection in Asgardeo. To do so, follow the steps below.
```

1. Log in to the [Asgardeo Console](https://console.asgardeo.io/) as an adminstrator.
2. Navigate to **Connections** from the left-hand panel 
3. Click **New Connection** and select **Duo** from the listed templates.
4. Provide a Name for the Duo connection (e.g., "Duo Security").
5. Enter the **Client ID**, **Client secret**, and **API hostname**, that you obtained from the Duo Admin Panel.
6. Click **Finish** to save the configuration.

> ## Configure Duo for MFA

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Enable Duo MFA for an app
```

> Follow the steps below to add Duo as an MFA option to the login flow of the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The created Duo connection should be added as  an MFA option to the login flow of an application. To do so, follow the steps below.
```

> 1. In the [Asgardeo Console](https://console.asgardeo.io/), navigate to **Applications**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. On the [Asgardeo Console](https://console.asgardeo.io/), navigate to **Applications**.
```
